Fix typos (#1)
mOctave/mapgen: README.md

# Endless Sky Map Generator

For a little over a year now, I have been maintaining a map of Endless Sky. When I was looking ahead at the upcoming 0.10.9 release and saw a new faction I didn't have room for on my legend, I had the bright idea to (instead of spending half an hour fixing up the legend) go spend 15 to 20 hours making my own mapping tool.  

> This mapping tool is not intended to compete with the "consumer market" of easy-to-use map viewers with GUIs, nor is functionality for adding or modifying map data something I plan to add. If you want the former, I recommend DarcyManoel's [online map viewer](https://darcymanoel.github.io/Endless-Sky-Map-Viewer/). If you want the latter, quyykk's [plugin editor](https://github.com/quyykk/plugin-editor) is probably the way to go, although it's a little buggy and outdated.

Reviewer: Giving darcy a space was intentional here (since I think he uses a space everywhere but on GitHub), so I think I'll leave that as-is. The Quyykk change is probably a good idea, though.

```suggestion
This mapping tool is not intended to compete with the "consumer market" of easy-to-use map viewers with GUIs, nor is functionality for adding or modifying map data something I plan to add. If you want the former, I recommend Darcy Manoel's [online map viewer](https://darcymanoel.github.io/Endless-Sky-Map-Viewer/). If you want the latter, quyykk's [plugin editor](https://github.com/quyykk/plugin-editor) is probably the way to go, although it's a little buggy and outdated.
```

- Color definitions for the colors `map name`, `map link`, `map wormhole`, and `message log importance high`
- A definition for the government `Uninhabited`

> On top of the `game directory`, you can define as many `plugin directory`s as you want. Image paths will be resolved in reverse order, so the last plugin you define will be the first place the generator looks for images (and the `game directory` will be the last). I can't guarantee that conflicts between data will be resolved nearly as well, so attempt to map conflicting plugins at your own risk.

Reviewer: I'm not sure "attempt to map" is necessarily any better here than just "map." After all, you are running the mapping program, and it will probably map successfully, it just might be corrupted.
```suggestion
On top of the `game directory`, you can define as many `plugin directory`s as you want. Image paths will be resolved in reverse order, so the last plugin you define will be the first place the generator looks for images (and the `game directory` will be the last). I can't guarantee that conflicts between data will be resolved nearly as well, so map conflicting plugins at your own risk.
```
